------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Centrallix Core README File
                               April 7th, 2006
		 Greg Beeley (GRB), Greg.Beeley@LightSys.org
	      (c) 2001-2006 LightSys Technology Services, Inc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


OVERVIEW....

This is the main README file for Centrallix, a web-based application server
featuring data abstraction, structural embedding, DHTML generation, multi-
source querying, and object-based development.  If you are reading this file,
you have downloaded the Centrallix source code.  Please note that unless this
source code came packaged in an RPM or other installable package format, it is
likely an unstable source release.  In this case, expect parts of the system
to not work correctly.

Furthermore, Centrallix is currently being developed under Linux.  It should
work on other platforms, but if you attempt to compile it on such, you are 
pretty much on your own right now.  Be sure to let us know if you do (and how
you did) get it to build and run correctly on other platforms.


LICENSING....

The core of Centrallix is distributed under the GNU General Public License,
version 2 (or any later version published by the free software foundation).
See the included files "LICENSE" and "COPYING" for the details of the license.

Please note that the centrallix-lib package is distributed under a different
license (the LGPL v2.1).  Because of this you MUST obtain permission from the
respective copyright holder(s) for centrallix core code before including any 
of that code in the centrallix-lib package.  The reverse is NOT true,
however.

Also please note that the samples in the centrallix-os package are distributed
under a BSD type of license.  This is done so that companies wishing to build
proprietary applications using Centrallix can do so without needing special
permission from Centrallix's copyright holder(s).  Furthermore, the "sys"
directory and its contents, including images and javascript library routines,
are distributed under the LGPL license.


COMPILING....

Unless you are a developer, you probably should not be compiling Centrallix
from its sources, but rather use the installable RPM format instead.  It is
much easier that way.  However, developer or not, if you want to compile the
system from its sources, here are instructions on how to do so.

    1.  Make sure you have downloaded the "centrallix" and "centrallix-lib"
        sources.  Build the centrallix-lib sources first, and that will
	generate both the shared object format (.so) and the static library
	format (.a) binaries.  See the README file with centrallix-lib for
	information on building those libraries.

    2.  Install the centrallix-lib libraries in /usr/lib or /usr/local/lib,
        and make sure those locations are in your LD_LIBRARY_PATH, or else in
	your /etc/ld.so.conf.

    3.  Edit the Centrallix core makefile, and make sure your centrallix-lib
        include directory is correct.

    4.  Set the necessary options in the Centrallix core makefile.  In
        particular, if you do not have Sybase CT library installed on your
	system, remove the libraries "-lct -lcomn -lintl -lsybtcl -lcs -linsck"
	from the LIBS line in the makefile, and remove the objdrv_sybase
	entry from the OSDRIVERS list in the makefile.  Also, depending on 
	whether your system uses -lcrypt or not for the crypt() function, be
	sure to add/remove the "-lcrypt" entry from the LIBS line.  Finally,
	decide what network interfaces to enable and set the appropriate -D
	lines in the CFLAGS in the Makefile.  Note that CGI_ENABLE excludes
	RAW_ENABLE and NHT_ENABLE (it does not make sense for a centrallix
	server running in cgi mode to listen on network ports).

    5.  Type "make centrallix" at the command line, and the server should be
        built.

    6.  If you want to develop an autoconf script for Centrallix, feel free
        to do so.  It would make the compilation process a lot simpler :)

    7.  Install the centrallix binary in /usr/bin or /usr/local/bin, as your
        system's configuration dictates.


GETTING STARTED....

Once you have compiled centrallix, you need to install a base ObjectSystem
package in order for the server to work properly.  Download the centrallix-os
module and install it, perhaps in /var/centrallix/os.  In the os package will
also be three key files, "rootnode", "rootnode.type", and "types.cfg".  These
MUST be installed in /usr/local/etc.  Edit the "rootnode" file to point to the
directory (such as /var/centrallix/os) where you installed the ObjectSystem
package.  There are further instructions on this in the centrallix-os package
itself.


QUESTIONS?

The open source Centrallix development effort has several places where you
can find answers to questions you have about the system.

First, there are two documentation packages.  The first, "centrallix-doc",
contains documents on using Centrallix as a development environment.  The
second, "centrallix-sysdoc" is a package for those who wish to develop the
Centrallix system itself.

Second, there are three mailing lists.  See http://centrallix.sourceforge.net
for subscription information.  The first, centrallix-announce, is a moderated
list which generally does not permit posting by its subscribers, and is thus
used mainly for release and security announcements regarding Centrallix.  The
second list, centrallix-users, is a great place to ask general usage
questions about the system as well as correspond with others about building
applications on top of the Centrallix development environment.  Finally, a
centrallix-devel list exists for those interested in expanding/revamping/
building Centrallix itself.

Finally, we are considering setting up a structured FAQ / knowledge base on
our SourceForge site, for information sharing regarding Centrallix.
